`azurerm_container_app`: add support for `ip_security_restriction` in data source (#24518)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/container_app.html.markdown

---

> A `ip_security_restriction` block supports the following:

Reviewer: Can you please update all the other block descriptions in these docs to use `exports` instead of `supports`
```suggestion
A `ip_security_restriction` block exports the following:
```

Author: Fixed.

> * `action` - The IP-filter action. `Allow` or `Deny`.
> 
> * `description` - Describe the IP restriction rule that is being sent to the container-app.
> 
> * `ip_address_range` - CIDR notation to match incoming IP address.
> 
> * `name` - Name for the IP restriction rule.

Reviewer: We need to change the language slightly because it's a data source. We don't need to provide information on valid values or defaults, just information on what the property is.
```suggestion
* `action` - The IP-filter action.

* `description` - Description of the IP restriction rule that is being sent to the container-app.

* `ip_address_range` - CIDR notation that matches the incoming IP address.

* `name` - Name for the IP restriction rule.
```

Author: Fixed.
